chore(docs): grammatical tweak to page query docs (#12107)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/page-query.md

title: Querying data in pages with GraphQL
---

> Gatsby's `graphql` tag enables page components to retrieve data via GraphQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatsby's `graphql` tag enables page components to retrieve data via a GraphQL query.
```

We only support one per component so I guess this is better wording

Author: I agree 👍
